refactor: update stack with component-rollup-config (#18)
ovh-ux/ovh-angular-mondial-relay: README.md

# @ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay

> Display a map to select mondial relay

[![Downloads](https://badgen.net/npm/dt/@ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay)](https://npmjs.com/package/@ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay) [![Dependencies](https://badgen.net/david/dep/ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay)](https://npmjs.com/package/@ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay?activeTab=dependencies) [![Dev Dependencies](https://badgen.net/david/dev/ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay)](https://npmjs.com/package/@ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay?activeTab=dependencies) [![Gitter](https://badgen.net/badge/gitter/ovh-ux/blue?icon=gitter)](https://gitter.im/ovh/ux)

## Install

```sh
yarn add @ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay
```

## Usage

```js
import angular from 'angular';
import ngOvhMondialRelay from '@ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay';

angular
  .module('myApp', [
    ngOvhMondialRelay,
  ]);
```

## Test

```sh
yarn test
```

## Contributing

> Always feel free to help out! Whether it's [filing bugs and feature requests](https://github.com/ovh-ux/ng-ovh-simple-country-list/issues/new) or working on some of the [open issues](https://github.com/ovh-ux/ng-ovh-simple-country-list/issues), our [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) will help get you started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always feel free to help out! Whether it's [filing bugs and feature requests](https://github.com/ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay/issues/new) or working on some of the [open issues](https://github.com/ovh-ux/ng-ovh-mondial-relay/issues), our [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) will help get you started.
```
